4.1 charts for interims and business apps (#676)
SimpleDataLabsInc/prophecy-docs: docs/analysts/business-apps/app-components.md

Review the interactive components that you can add to your Prophecy App. Users will provide their own input to these fields, and you can add default values for them.

:::note

> Optional interactive fields left blank by the user will use the default value defined in pipeline parameter settings if a default value is not defined in the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you leave optional interactive fields blank, the app will use the default value defined in pipeline parameter settings if a default value is not defined in the component.
```

| Option Setting | Description                                                          | Required |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Value          | Value that to pass to the pipeline.                                  | True     |
| Label          | Descriptive label for the radio button itself.                       | True     |
| Caption        | Additional guidance displayed below the radio button.                | False    |
| Tooltip        | Tooltip providing extra context when the user hovers over the field. | False    |

### Toggle

The user can enable or disable a toggle. Only boolean-type configurations are supported.

| Setting             | Description                                                                                                     | Required |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Configuration field | Name of the pipeline parameter to reference.                                                                    | True     |

> | Default value       | Whether to toggle is on or off by default (`True` or `False`). Users can update this value in their app config. | False    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Default value       | Whether to toggle is on or off by default. Users can update this value in their app config. | False    |
```
Nit: True or false is implied with "Whether"

Author: Agree, but you actually have to type true or false in the app template for the default value 😅

Add context to your Prophecy App. Use the Inspect tab to add formatting to text, such as heading type, bold, italics, links, and more.

| Setting | Description                     | Required |
| ------- | ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Content | Text to be displayed in the app | True     |

### Image

Embed an image into your Prophecy App.

| Setting      | Description                              | Required |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Image source | How Prophecy retrieves the image.        | True     |

> | Source URL   | The URL of the image.                    | True     |
> | Alt text     | The option to add alt text to the image. | False    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Source URL   |  URL of the image.                        | True     |
| Alt text     |  Option to add alt text to the image.     | False    |
```
